Add note to post-install about how to use Pi-hole by host device (#648)
pi-hole/docs: docs/main/post-install.md

As a last resort, you can always manually set each device to use Pi-hole as their DNS server.

> ## Make your Pi-hole host use Pi-hole

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Making your Pi-hole host use Pi-hole
```

To keep the wording similar to the previous section header.

> As described [here](https://docs.pi-hole.net/main/prerequisites/#ip-addressing) your Pi-hole host device should use a static IP address. Pi-hole won't be used by the host automatically after installation. However, you can make the host use Pi-hole as upstream DNS server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pi-hole will not be used by the host automatically after installation. To have the host resolve though Pi-hole and your configured blocking lists, you can make the host use Pi-hole as upstream DNS server:
```

I don't think mentioning static addressing really relates to this topic. 

The other changes are merely stylistic.
